ENH: indicate that on the Vidas you have to touch the screen to turn off the alarms (#497)
TheAxonLab/hcph-sops: docs/data-collection/notes-scanning.md

- [ ] Use the light :fontawesome-solid-lightbulb: button (4) to adjust the intensity of the illumination inside the scanning room.
- [ ] Use the fan :fontawesome-solid-fan: button (5) to adjust the ventilation in the scanning room.

> !!! warning "Turning off the alarm"
> 
>     The alarm is turned off differently depending on the system:
>     * {{settings.mri.models.mri1}}, push the central knob (button 1). 
>     * {{settings.mri.models.mri2}} and {{settings.mri.models.mri3}}: touch one of the tactile screens on the scanner's front.

Reviewer: New lines are important here for rendering:

```suggestion
!!! warning "Turning off the alarm"

    The alarm is turned off differently depending on the system:

       * {{settings.mri.models.mri1}}: push the central knob (button 1).
       * {{settings.mri.models.mri2}} and {{settings.mri.models.mri3}}: touch one of the tactile screens on the scanner's front.
```

!!! warning "The central knob (button 1) will turn off the alarm if pushed when the alarm is on"

> !!! warning "On {{settings.mri.models.mri2}} and {{settings.mri.models.mri3}}, the alarm can be turned off by touching the tactil screen on the bore of the scanner"

Reviewer: Does the central knob work for this too? or is it just different?

Author: There is no central knob on the Vidas, the alarm can only be turned off by touching the screen

> !!! warning "The central knob (button 1) will turn off the alarm if pushed when the alarm is on"
> 
> !!! warning "On {{settings.mri.models.mri2}} and {{settings.mri.models.mri3}}, the alarm can be turned off by touching the tactil screen on the bore of the scanner"

Reviewer: Okay, if that is the case, then we need to merge the two warnings and highlight that the procedure is different depending on the system:

```suggestion
!!! warning "Turning off the alarm"

    The alarm is turned off differently depending on the system:

       * {{settings.mri.models.mri1}}: push the central knob (button 1).
       * {{settings.mri.models.mri2}} and {{settings.mri.models.mri3}}: touch one of the tactile screens on the scanner's front.
```
